docs: convert Component.add docstring to Google Style (#1390)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Convert docstring of :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.add` to Google style. :issue:`1072`

Reviewer: In v7.1.1 we switched to towncrier to manage change log entries, per https://icalendar.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contribute/#change-log-entry-format. Would you please move this to a new file `/news/1072.documentation`? Thank you!

```suggestion
- Converted docstring of :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.add` to Google style. @mvanhorn
```
